                                                                         TEST CASE OF ATM MACHINE 

   1. Verify the slot for ATM Card insertion is as per the specification
   2. Verify that user is presented with options when card is inserted from proper side
   3. Verify that no option to continue and enter credentials is displayed to user when card is inserted correctly
   4. Verify that font of the text displayed in ATM screen is as per the specifications
   5. Verify that touch of the ATM screen is smooth and operational
   6. Verify that user is presented with option to choose language for further operations
   7. Verify that user asked to enter pin number before displaying any card/bank account detail
   8. Verify that there are limited number of attempts upto which user is allowed to enter pin code
   9. Verify that if total number of incorrect pin attempts gets surpassed then user is not allowed to continue further- operations like blocking of card etc gets initiated
  10. Verify that pin is encrypted and when entered
  11. Verify that user is presented with different account type options like- saving, current etc
  12. Verify that user is allowed to get account details like available balance
  13. Verify that user same amount of money gets dispatched as entered by user for cash withdrawal
  14. Verify that user is only allowed to enter amount in multiples of denominations as per the specifications
  15. Verify that user is prompted to enter the amount again in case amount entered is not as per the specification and proper message should be displayed for the same
  16. Verify that user cannot fetch more amount than the total available balance
  17. Verify that user is provided the option to print the transaction/enquiry
  18. Verify that user user's session timeout is maintained and is as per the specifications
  19. Verify that user is not allowed to exceed one transaction limit amount
  20. Verify that user is not allowed to exceed one day transaction limit amount
  21. Verify that user is allowed to do only one transaction per pin request
  22. Verify that user is not allowed to proceed with expired ATM card
  23. Verify that in case ATM machine runs out of money, proper message is displayed to user
  24. Verify that in case sudden electricity loss in between the operation, the transaction is marked as null and amount is not withdrawn from user's account



                                                                    DATABASE CONCEPTS:



1.What is Database?
A database is a collection of information that is organized so that it can be easily accessed, managed and updated.
Data is organized into rows, columns and tables, and it is indexed to make it easier to find relevant information. Data gets updated, expanded and deleted as new information is added. Databases process workloads to create and update themselves, querying the data they contain and running applications against it.

2.what is table?
In relational databases and flat file databases, a table is a set of data elements (values) using a model of vertical columns (identifiable by name) and horizontal rows, the cell being the unit where a row and column intersect. A table has a specified number of columns, but can have any number of rows.

3. what is column
In the context of a relational database, a column is a set of data values of a particular simple type, one for each row of the table. The columns provide the structure according to which the rows are composed.

4.what is row?
In the context of a relational database, a row—also called a record or tuple—represents a single, implicitly structured data item in a table. In simple terms, a database table can be thought of as consisting of rows and columns or fields.

5. Example for Inner join
An SQL INNER JOIN is same as JOIN clause, combining rows from two or more tables. An inner join of A and B gives the result of A intersect B, i.e. the inner part of a Venn diagram intersection. Inner joins use a comparison operator to match rows from two tables based on the values in common columns from each table